[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Throughout time,
there are stories told.
Some encounters are more
mysterious than others.
Mystical beings, from
mermaids to giants.
There are clues throughout
history that cannot be ignored.
Often there is
proof that confirms
the presence of these beings,
and sometimes there is only
folklore, legend, and myth.
Mystical beings
from the other side.
>> We see crafts in the sky.
And having these encounters,
we know that we're not alone
because the universe is so big.
And what I believe now is that
we have watchers or beings that
possibly analyze us and see
where our consciousness is at.
Hello.
My name is Donna.
And I'm here to talk to
you about my experiences
that I've had with
various entities
throughout the last
four years of my life.
One that comes to mind
mostly is the meeting
with these beings on the beach.
Now, what I did
recognize was that they
were wearing a color of red,
black, and white colors.
And I still have a
lot of pain from it
because when I met them on
the beach, I wanted to die.
I wanted to kill myself,
and I planned it in my head.
I was going to go
to the beach, my dog
would be pulled by
a riptide because I
knew this beach had riptides.
I would run in after the
dog, put it on my chest
and we would die together.
At first I was--
I recognized that they
were very beautiful.
I mean, all the people that I've
had these encounters with they
look perfect.
There's not a pimple, there's
not a hair out of place.
But when I was in
their presence--
and it's something
that I noticed--
I had kind of like bad thoughts.
Like, oh, I just want
to sleep with it.
It's so gorgeous.
It's just like
you're drawn to them.
And when I was in
this man's presence,
it was a beautiful Black man.
He had these lovely dreadlocks.
So handsome.
Red, black, and white clothing.
And the moment I got
into his presence,
I had that thought again
that I want to take you home
and just have sex with you.
And it was, again, so unlike me.
A man mentioned that they're
interdimensional travelers.
And what had happened
was in this vision,
I was transported to
a temple, and I think
it was midway or midheaven.
It was a crystal palace,
that's all I can say.
It was beautiful.
It was made from lights.
And in this beautiful
crystal palace,
it was just studded
with jewels and things
I've never seen before.
I think the closest is
perhaps the Hindu temples.
And the next minute I'm
transported inside this temple,
but I'm flying in
a circular fashion.
While I was flying, I
noticed the first thing,
she had beautiful blonde
hair that just flowed down
the back of her head--
the back.
And I flew into her hair.
And as I'm flying into
her hair and around her,
I can see what she looks like.
She was tanned
skin, blonde hair.
Everything about her was so
beautiful and attractive.
But the way one travels in
spirit it's so quick that only
afterwards the information
unfolds because I don't think
we can spend too long there.
So whatever is for us comes
in a matter of seconds
and then unfolds over time
when we need the information.
What I saw was very
high in the intellect.
Like the conscious
level was very advanced.
I don't know if it was a
dream or if it was a trance,
but it felt so real.
And I was in my other
house and I got up.
And then when I
look again up, it
was like tops of
rainbows in the air.
And it was like little
rainbows all cut,
but they were just all over.
And it was hectic
because I couldn't
keep my vision up for so long.
It was almost painful.
The noise was painful.
Seeing all the chopped
up rainbows in the sky.
It was hard to look up.
What I experienced was
perhaps looking into the three
different heavens.
They're right before us.
There's one just here, there's
one here, and this one here.
And spirituality is
so complex and so vast
that I've had
perhaps dozens more
of these tiny little
experiences that have led me
on to learning more about
things that I would have never
taken account before.
You do need the support
group around you.
You need people around
you that understand what's
going on because I've
had trouble, especially
with my family, they don't
understand the stuff.
They're not on the
same level that I'm on.
And I won't take any
of those experiences
back for anything in the world.
Like I said, a lot
of them were scary.
I can see demons in people.
I've had bad experiences
with my family, things
which I'm trying to overcome.
Perhaps the important
thing that I've
learned when I went to Heaven is
that this is the way God works.
If you haven't got a good
purpose for what you're doing,
you're not going to
get that energy in.
And if you're at service to
mankind, that energy will come.
>> An interdimensional being
suggests an entity that can
time travel or travel
between dimensions.
Perhaps moving out
of the physical body
into a spiritual one.
Many reports of encounters
with other beings
have surfaced
throughout history.
Often various types of
beings are reported,
and sometimes the same beings
are experienced by many.
People such as Donna can
describe her encounters
in great detail.
>> It must've been
about four years ago,
I went to a psychic
fair and I met Ian.
And I immediately fell in
love with his kind, generous,
spirit.
He just had this beautiful
energy about him.
So we are going to
talk to Ian in just
now about my experiences, and
hopefully have a nice connect.
>> Coming up, Donna meets with
her friend and psychic Ian.
>> I did go through quite a
traumatic experience before I
met them.
>> And asks him about the beings
she's been seeing and what
their intentions are.
>> Hi, Ian.
How are you?
>> I'm well.
Thank you, Donna.
>> Ian, it's great
to see you again.
I just wanted to say you set
my heart in such ease when
we spoke the one time
of the experiences
that I had with the
interdimensional beings.
And I wanted to know more
about your work and how--
what information you picked up.
Maybe if there's something
more that you can pick up,
who knows.
>> When I examine images
of people or beings,
as you call them, I
always look at their eyes.
They tell a lot as
I truly believe they
are the gateways to the soul.
So that is where you
see the reflection
of the person, the health of
the soul, the fragmented soul
or spirit.
Also just it's an
intuitive thing,
a feeling that comes through.
It's all energy.
Everything's energy
as you maybe know.
Everything that exists,
even thoughts are energies.
That people come
across to me, they
came across as being
protective and non-threatening
towards you.
That they were more
than a caring role
to actually help you.
>> Because I did go through
quite a traumatic experience
before I met them.
And this is what
spurred on my healing
and my wanting to do more
and changing and growing.
>> Many people have reported
experiences with beings from
elsewhere.
Some are apparently aliens from
other planets, such as GREYs.
Others are said to be beings
from other dimensions,
such as the blue people.
>> Do you work with
a pendulum as well?
>> I do work with pendulum.
I actually use it very often.
I actually have it here.
So I've just got a piece of lead
glass on that, but I use cork,
I use stone.
That's my favorite
at the moment.
And it does many things.
So--
>> Do you think you can maybe
find out more information about
them now quickly?
Just one or two questions.
>> We'll, we can try.
I'll show you what I'm using.
I've got a chart that
is my standard chart.
If you can see it has
good numbers, percentages,
all kinds of things.
And then I'll also use,
when I'm especially
with people, the emotions
wheel or feelings wheel,
and that's that one.
So it will have lift her
up, angry, happy, sad.
And then it goes
to three levels.
Of course, this center
one being the core.
And then your experience
coming out on your emotions
to the third level,
which is more
of a manifestation of what's
really going on inside.
So as I said to
you, I think they
are in your life for purpose and
that you will come across them
again, yes.
>> Are they good?
>> Good entities, good
people, good beings.
OK, so these it's
going up and down yes.
So let me use my wheel.
I'm going to use
my wheel and say,
what are the raw
emotional feelings
of these beings towards Donna?
I don't know who.
It's going to the
yellow, which is happy.
Now say what is
the second level.
It's saying that they're
interested, all right.
So that's coming from the core.
Now starting to manifest in
the third level then is--
that's gone too curious.
So happy means that they--
my interpretation
of that is they're
happy, so relaxed
in your presence.
There's no threat.
They're interested in you.
There's-- what shall I say?
Something about
Donna that just is
attractive to these guys and
magnetic in a sense that they--
and I know you said there's been
more than one contact with--
>> Two that I can remember now.
>> Not the same people, so.
>> No, it's always been
different people each time.
But they always wear
the same colors.
>> Yeah, you know,
perhaps then--
I know you have
engaged with them
but try and engage in
a slightly deeper level
to see what their
intentions are.
Let's say next time
try-- there doesn't
appear to be a threat there
so you could approach them.
And just be careful, though.
>> Always.
But thank you, my angel.
Thank you my dear friend.
>> Yeah.
You know you're welcome.
>> It's nice to have
my heart at ease.
It's interesting to
know that perhaps there
might be something more
that comes from it.
It's fun and exciting.
I mean, it's been challenging
but at the same time when
I met the three on the beach,
when I met the guy at the shop,
I didn't experience
any negative vibes.
I think if I did, I think it's--
and also I think they watch
to see how you're
going to react, what--
they were also curious.
So what you brought up was very
interesting bits of information
because, like I said,
they're watching
to see how perhaps
even conscious
I was to recognize that
something not normal
is happening around you.
But thank you, Ian.
Thank you so much.
>> You're welcome.
>> Coming up, Ian delves deeper
into the origins of other
worldly beings.
>> These particular beings
have a message for you.
And they have the ability to
shapeshift or take on shapes.
>> Where are they from?
What do they want?
>> Please, Donna, it's
quite amazing to hear these
experiences you are
having with these beings.
And they do seem to
have been materializing
at specific times of your life.
I think they come into use
specifically to communicate
with you so it's quite feasible
that these particular beings
have a message for you.
So that is why you see them
and why they appear to you.
It's very puzzling but
also very, very interesting
that you meet these--
let me call them beings,
they might not be people,
they might just be
beings from elsewhere
that are manifesting to you.
In my own experience,
of course, I
have had contact
with entities when
I do house clearings
or removal from people
and that sort of thing.
There are, obviously,
many different types
of beings available.
And I have a friend
in the UK that
just stopped the WhatsApp
to me and in her WhatsApp
was not answered.
But I had a feeling
she had died.
And I spoke to other friends
and they got the same sensation.
So then I was saying to
my God, my soul, look,
you know, I want to visit
and see her and say goodbye.
Then one night in
my dream times--
so, obviously, I
went into quite a--
I'd say a deep state
of sleep where it's
possible for my soul to travel.
I found myself in
a world that's had
a lot-- that was very
much brighter than Earth
light, Earth sunshine.
And we met.
And it was very brief
maybe about 15 seconds.
So we connected there, and it
was one of such love and joy,
you know.
And then it was over and I came
back into this third dimension
reality.
We get the earthbound
spirit which they always
come in a human form, then you
get very simple beings, which
are used to--
by the-- what would
you call them?
People that practice
spells and curses--
or not spells because that
can be positive-- people
that practice cursing.
They use a form of being,
which is a very simple creature
and easily misled
and manipulated.
And then you get
the demonic beings,
which are intelligent
and negotiate with you.
And then, of course, you get the
beings that are negative energy
beings, and they come into
areas of conflict or drug
abuse, alcoholism because
they feed off that.
So there's a vast range
of beings that exist,
and some are highly evolved,
much more so than the human.
And those are the ones that we
are more frequently in contact
with because they
want to contact us.
Whereas the more negative
ones, of course, don't.
And other experiences I
have had with, say, beings
from other worlds,
other dimensions
have come about through
entity clearing,
entity removal that are due
from houses and properties.
And it's not actually
necessary to go there.
I'm able, fortunately,
to project myself
to wherever this place is.
So that's how I do it.
You don't fight the being.
Understand that we
are human beings
and they are beings
of another sort,
and there is an
intelligence there.
And then I returned to
my physical self at home.
The most amazing
thing was I think
I'd been back home
for about a minute,
and then that same
icy, cold, electricity
started flowing over me.
So this being had
actually followed me home.
So if you think about it,
it traveled maybe three
kilometers.
The outcome was I asked
archangel Michael to remove
this entity being, and
that was the end of that.
So I'll have had other
clearances that I've done.
And they've all been very
peaceful and successful
but have moved.
I've helped friends that
did not understand why they
were seeing earthbound spirits.
But, anyway, that's
briefly my experience
in another dimension.
And hopefully it'll bring
encouragement and joy
to people that have lost
people whose loved ones
and friends have
passed on because they
were in a good place.
It's actually much nicer
than where we are now.
So every blessing to you.
And wish you all well.
Namaste.
>> Thank you, Ian.
Thank you so much.
>> You're welcome.
[COOL MUSIC]